Kingdom Come

What happens after you defeat the Evil Overlord?

The premise of the game is that you have defeated the evil overlord of all the land. You are now the most
powerful creature alive, and are given the right to rule the lands. Only now, smaller kingdoms and towns
are wanting to rise up and rule themselves, and are willing to assassinate you to do so (for nobody would
dare attack you directly). Your war has shifted, from defeating creatures to controlling a kingdom, fending
off hidden enemies. Will your suvive? Can you lead this land to a state of prosperity? Or will you be
forced to rule with a cruel hand and an unforgiving heart, just like your successor?

The game world is based (loosely) off of the NES game Dragon Warrior. It will start out showing you starting
your journey, then (through cutscenes) jump through to the end, just after you've defeated the final boss.

With the evil overlord dead, all the remaining enemies (creatures and humans alike) quickly become aware of
this, and hide or flee as fast as they can. Some leaders want to hunt down the remaining enemies and finish
them off. Most of the leaders quickly recognize you as the one who killed the overlord, and agree to do
whatever you wish. Some, however, are skeptical that it was really you, though.

The game will probably center around listening to various leaders and choosing what jobs to put resources
(manpower and materials) into, and what to ignore. Resources, starting out, will be limited; the kingdoms
never had any control of resources until now, and would rather use them for their own gains. Leaders will
be unwilling to invest in things that do not benefit their own kingdom / throne.

Not everyone will be pleasible by your actions, no matter how much you try to smooth things over. Those
with great resentment toward you (that still have followers) may choose to ignore your demands, assassinate
or even overthrow you. Removing leaders (either by murder or prison) will only mean that person will be
replaced; the next guy may have greater resentment toward you. At various parts of the game, some leaders
will have to be removed from power, in order to succeed.

Every kingdom will have problems specific to them, that the player must solve. Some of these may only be
the task of getting the right resources to the right places. Other will involve assigning skilled people
to certain areas, and ensuring their knowledge is put to work (including advising certain leaders, even
when they don't want to listen). Some leaders (and whole kingdoms) will refuse to work with each other,
because of long-standing rivalries.

Things will go wrong with the orders you make, and with the plans you make - that will be an aspect of
the game. Some leaders will keep secrets, or even flat-out lie to you, which you will have to reason out.
Secrets which you keep from other leaders will eventually be found out, no matter how hard you try. It
is best to not keep any secrets at all - but that just won't be possible.

The way to win the game is to get things to happen without making any specific kingdom suffer too much.
You can only bring the lands to prosperity by getting certain things done, but it will take sacrifices
from everyone equally. To do nothing is to leave the lands in dispair, and nobody will be satified with
your position.